Unknown 0:00
Alexa opened, 3%.

Unknown 0:09
Welcome back to learn how you can get over 75 extra sounds, better sounds, and the ability to combine sounds, say membership.

Unknown 0:20
What would you like to do. Stop.

Unknown 0:30
Alexa

Unknown 0:32
opens a 3% challenge.

Unknown 0:36
You have activated the 3% challenge. Do you want to open it.

Unknown 0:41
Yes please.

Unknown 0:47
Welcome. Hi, I'm Bianca Parata Michelle Lee from the Netflix Original Show 3%. In this game, you will face other candidates from all over the world in six different challenges to prove that you belong to the top. You can also play a role in an interactive story and explore all of its multiple surprise endings. The most popular of our six challenges is decryption detail recall, and the trader will start with details recall, your memory is in good shape.

Unknown 1:19
Yes.

Unknown 1:23
It looks like you start off with an unfair advantage. Good for you. Let the first challenge begin now. Remember that you each create your own merit.

Unknown 1:34
Now let's start your first daily challenge.

Unknown 1:38
Welcome to detail recall, we will test your ability to recall information from detailed scenarios. Each round, a scene will be described to you and then a question will be asked about a specific detail of this scene, the correct answers will earn you more points as you go. If you are not sure of the answer, skip it. Otherwise, you will lose your streak bonus if you mess up. Would you like me to review the instructions for recalling details. No,

Unknown 2:08
this challenge has a total of three turns initiating the first scene.

Unknown 2:14
You notice one guard in particular waving to another guard.

Unknown 2:18
And finally a guard post wore a black uniform. Now do you want me to repeat the same for a point penalty or should I continue with the next question. Yes.

Unknown 2:34
Yes. Very well.

Unknown 2:37
You notice one guard in particular waving to someone else. Okay. And finally, one of the guards is in a black uniform. Are you ready for your question. Yes.

Unknown 2:49
What color was the uniform of the guards,

Unknown 2:54
bro.

Unknown 2:57
Your answer is blue. Is this true, yes. The correct answer was black initializing the next scene around 15 other candidates were also present, and finally you observe a large field and resting nearby.

Unknown 3:18
Are you ready for your question.

Unknown 3:20
Yes.

Unknown 3:23
How many other candidates were there.

Unknown 3:26
Eight.

Unknown 3:29
Your answer is eight. Is this true, yes. The correct answer was 50. We are now starting the last scene. You see guards patrolling the area. You notice Jessica, a candidate you had briefly seen on your way to begin the process. And finally, you just avoid stepping on a mosquito that passes by your feet. Now do you want me to repeat the same point penalty or should I continue with the next question.

Unknown 4:02
Yes.

Unknown 4:04
Very well.

Unknown 4:07
You observe eight guards who carefully watch the area. You hear Jessica, a candidate you had briefly seen on your way to begin the process. And finally, you are a little disgusted at the sight of the mosquito passing by, next to your feet,

Unknown 4:21
ready to answer your question.

Unknown 4:25
Stop.

This transcript was generated by https://otter.ai