Unknown 0:00
Alexa opened, 3%.

Unknown 0:09
Welcome back to learn how to get over 75 additional sounds, higher quality sounds, and the ability to combine sounds, say a membership.

Unknown 0:20
What would you like to do. Stop.

Unknown 0:30
Alexa

Unknown 0:32
opens the 3% challenge.

Unknown 0:36
You have the 3% challenge enabled. You want to open it.

Unknown 0:41
Yes please.

Unknown 0:47
Welcome. Hi, I'm Bianca Parata Michelle Lee from the original Netflix 3% show. In this game, you will compete against other candidates from around the world in six different challenges to prove that you are at the forefront. You can also role-play in the interactive story and discover its many surprises. The most popular of our six challenges is detail recall, and the trader will start by recalling the details, it's your memory in good shape a candidate.

Unknown 1:19
Yes.

Unknown 1:23
It looks like you are starting out with an unfair advantage. Good for you. Let the first challenge begin now. Remember, each of you creates your own merits.

Unknown 1:34
Let's start now with your first Daily Challenge.

Unknown 1:38
Welcome to recall details, we will test your ability to recall information from detailed scenarios. Each round will be described a scene and then you will be asked for a specific detail from that scene and the correct answers will allow you to score more points. If you are unsure of the answer, please skip it. Otherwise, you will lose your streak bonus if you make a mistake. Do you want me to review the instructions for reminding the details again. No,

Unknown 2:08
this challenge consists of a total of three rounds that initiate the first scene.

Unknown 2:14
You notice a specific guard who greeted another guard.

Unknown 2:18
Finally, the sentry post wore a black uniform. Do you want me to repeat the same thing with a point penalty or should I move on to the next question. Yes.

Unknown 2:34
Yes. Very good.

Unknown 2:37
You notice a certain ranger saying hello to someone else. Fine. Finally, one of the guards already has a black uniform. Are you ready for your question. Yes.

Unknown 2:49
What color was the guard's uniform,

Unknown 2:54
brother.

Unknown 2:57
Your answer is blue. Is it true, yes. The correct answer was black initiating the next scene, 15 other candidates were also present, and at the end you are watching the big pitch and relaxing nearby.

Unknown 3:18
Are you ready for your question.

Unknown 3:20
Yes.

Unknown 3:23
How many other candidates were there.

Unknown 3:26
Eight.

Unknown 3:29
Your answer is eight. That's right, yes. The correct answer is 50. Now we begin the final scene. You see the guards patrolling the area. You spot Jessica, a candidate you briefly saw on your way to starting the trial. And finally, you just avoid stepping on a mosquito that passes by your feet. Do you want me to repeat the same scoring or should I move on to the next question.

Unknown 4:02
Yes.

Unknown 4:04
Very good.

Unknown 4:07
You observe eight guards closely watching the area. You hear Jessica, the candidate you briefly saw on your way to starting the trial. And finally you are a little gross to see a mosquito pass by your feet,

Unknown 4:21
ready to answer your question.

Unknown 4:25
Stop.

This record was generated by https://otter.ai