Unknown 0:00
Alexa opened, 3%.

Unknown 0:09
Welcome back to learn how you can get over 75 extra sounds of higher quality sounds and the ability to combine sounds, what a membership.

Unknown 0:20
What would you like to do. Stad.

Unknown 0:30
Alexa

Unknown 0:32
opens 3% challenge.

Unknown 0:36
Your 3% Challenge is enabled. Do you want to open.

Unknown 0:41
Yes, please.

Unknown 0:47
Welcome. Hi, I'm Michelle Lee's Bianca Parata from the original Netflix 3% show. In this game, you compete against other candidates from around the world in six different challenges to prove your place at the top. You can also take part in an interactive story, and explore all the multiplayer endpoints. The most popular of our six challenges is a detail recall, and the trader will start with a detail recall, which is your memory in good candidate shape.

Unknown 1:19
Yes.

Unknown 1:23
It looks like you are starting to gain from then on. Thank you. Now let's start the first challenge. Remember, you all create your own merits.

Unknown 1:34
Let’s start your first daily challenge now.

Unknown 1:38
Welcome to detail recall, we will test your ability to recall information from detailed settings. Each round, you will be explained a scene and after that, you will be asked about specific details from that view, correct answers will earn you more points as you go along. If you are unsure of the answer, skip it. Otherwise you will lose your streak bonus if you get it wrong. Do you want me to go over the instructions for recall details again. No,

Unknown 2:08
a total of three rounds in this challenge begin at first sight.

Unknown 2:14
You will notice a special guard who was welcoming another guard.

Unknown 2:18
And finally a defense station they wore black. Now, do you want me to do the same thing again for a point penalty or should I continue with the next question. Yes.

Unknown 2:34
Yes. Very good.

Unknown 2:37
You will notice a special guard who was welcoming someone else. All right. And finally, one of the guards is down to a black uniform. Are you ready for your question. Yes.

Unknown 2:49
What color were the guards,

Unknown 2:54
bro.

Unknown 2:57
Your answer is blue. Is that right, yes. The correct black answer at the start of the next show was that there were about 15 other candidates in attendance as well, and finally you see a large area and take a break nearby.

Unknown 3:18
Are you ready for your question.

Unknown 3:20
Yes.

Unknown 3:23
How many other candidates were there.

Unknown 3:26
Eight.

Unknown 3:29
Your answer is eight. Is that right, Yes. The correct answer was 50. Now starting to look at the last scene. You can see a guard patrolling the area. You notice Jessica, a candidate you saw shortly before you started the process. And finally, you just avoid passing a mosquito, next to your feet. Now, do you want me to repeat the same penalty point or should I continue with the next question.

Unknown 4:02
Yes.

Unknown 4:04
Very good.

Unknown 4:07
You watch eight guards watch the area intently. You will hear Jessica, a candidate you saw shortly before you begin the process. And finally, you're a bit rough out at the sight of the mosquito passing by, next to your feet,

Unknown 4:21
ready to answer your question.

Unknown 4:25
Stad.

This transcript was created by https://otter.ai